# Relational-Database-Project:
Narrative Description of the Business and Problem Being Addressed: The proposed project involves creating a database management system for a car rental business that is currently manual, which leads to problems in tracking vehicle availability, billing information, customer reservations, and rental agreements. The business operates by renting various types of vehicles such as sedans, SUVs, vans, trucks, etc. to customers on a short-term or long-term basis. A proper database would allow us to manage our inventory efficiently. We can reduce incidences of errors and double booking. This can cause issues related to managing bookings, tracking vehicle inventory, and finding accurate customer information. To combat this, we will develop a digital car rental database and simplify operations by automating reservations, managing vehicle availability, handling billing, and tracking vehicle records. This new system would reduce errors and increase overall effectiveness and customer satisfaction.

# Identification Of The Information Needs: 
Customer information: Name, Address, and Contact information Rental Agreement: Time frame, Agreement type, and Rental status Employee information: Name, Contact information, and Position Vehicle information: VIN, Vehicle information, and Availability Vehicle Records: Maintenance Records, Insurance records, Registration records, and Inspection information Payments information: Rental amount breakdown, Payment dates, & Payment information
